hey youtube in this video I'm going to
show you some of my custom shooters all
right I'll start out with my Arctic
sniper I tried to give them kind of a
little baggy look put some clay on his
arms a little bit on its pants for some
snow pants mostly wipe out a sniper
rifle I covered in mostly white I put a
flat white piece right there over the
barrel to make it look like a snowdrift
and here's one last look my other sniper
I didn't use clay or painting I just use
what Legos I had and a few rubber bands
series from other views this sniper is
by far my favorite I used paint clay
Lego rubber bands everything I could to
make them awesome as you can see there's
some leaves on him I used LEGO pieces
like this and cut off the leaves and put
them on here is an all-around view of
him I tried my best to make him blend in
and be camouflage and also his body is a
skeleton base if you want to see the
video on how I did that you can click
here not only did I work really hard on
the guy but with his weapon I covered it
in leaves and pieces of clay to make it
look like vines I think it's pretty darn
nice here it is at all of the other
angles i covered the scope it's right
there but for realistic pneus i did
leave the tip of it open at the front
there it is you can see it here's a
little soldier and his gun I did not
come up with that gun and knife with the
rubber band idea I saw it on another
video and that kid gave credit to
another video so I don't know who to
credit this last one is from the movie
looper
I made the main guy in this little
assassin shotgun whatever you call that
I gave him a leather jacket and I also
made a person out in the field this is
the field he's got a bag over his head
handcuffed kind of like it is in the
movie as always thank you for watching
and check out my other videos